README.md, before:

# Git Practice Playground - Issues Fest

NOTE: Yes, some of the issues are easy and obvious, that's the point! 😝

Welcome to the Git Practice Playground! This repository contains intentional bugs, typos, and issues for you to practice:

- Creating pull requests
- Fixing bugs
- Code review
- Git workflows
- Issue tracking

## How to Contribut

1. Browse the **Issues** tab to find bugs and problems
2. Fork this repositry
3. Create a new branch for your fix
4. Make your changes and commit them
5. Submit a pull request!

## Project Structre

- `src/java/` - Java source files
- `src/python/` - Python source files
- `tests/` - Test files
- `docs/` - Docummentation

## Rules

- One fix per pull request
- Reference the issue number in your PR
- Write clear commit mesages

Happy coding! 🚀

## Architecture

The project follows a modular architecture with separate layers for:

- Data access (Database)
- Caching (Cache)
- Configuration (ConfigManager)
- Logging (Logger)
- API (ApiController)

Commit message:

More notes on README.md

README.md, after:

# Git Practice Playground - Issues Fest

NOTE: Yes, some of the issues are easy and obvious, that's the point! 😝

**New to Git/GitHub?** Welcome to the Git Practice Playground! This repository contains intentional bugs, typos, and issues for you to practice:

- Creating pull requests
- Fixing bugs
- Code review
- Git workflows
- Issue tracking

There are more bugs/typos that don't have an issue open for yet - this is intentional and you can create the issue (and the fix and pull request, if you'd like!)

## How to Contribut

1. Browse the **Issues** tab to find bugs and problems
2. Fork this repositry
3. Create a new branch for your fix
4. Make your changes and commit them
5. Submit a pull request!

## Project Structre

- `src/java/` - Java source files
- `src/python/` - Python source files
- `tests/` - Test files
- `docs/` - Docummentation

## Rules

- One fix per pull request
- Reference the issue number in your PR
- Write clear commit mesages

Happy coding! 🚀

## Architecture

The project follows a modular architecture with separate layers for:

- Data access (Database)
- Caching (Cache)
- Configuration (ConfigManager)
- Logging (Logger)
- API (ApiController)
